**Söndag 12 september 2021**

**Attendees: Björn, Emmie, Gabriel, Samuel och Sebastian**

**Meeting secretary: Sebastian**

## Objectives
* We need to decide on what to prioritize
* We need to continue discussing user stories
* We need to discuss who does what
* We need to discuss our prototype


## Report
Second meeting on our own. We have have started designing our UML since the last meeting. We're closing in on it being done. Our prototype is going to be implemented using Figma. 

### Discussion items
* ### **Prioritization**
    UML needs to be done by tuesday so it will be priority one. Expand the model part of the UML before tuesday, everything else is not as important. Following that we need to build or prototype in Figma, that has to be done by friday. Adding everything into the RAD is the priority after that.

* ### **User stories**
    We have gotten quite a bit on user stories but need to expand on the existing user stories rather than creating more. User stories will probably change quite a bit when we start coding and new ideas will fruition.

* ### **Who does what**
    Sebastian and Samuel does the ground work for the UML tomorrow. Everyone else check whenever they can to make sure it looks alright. Emmie starts a Figma project and takes the lead in that.

* ### **Prototype**
    We started a prototype project in Figma. We also had a little walkthrough of Figma works.

    ## Meeting schedule
* Tuesdays 10.00    
* Friday 14.15    
* Sunday 20.00

## End of meeting    
&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;Next meeting tuesday september 14 2021 - 10.00 on campus